 -- 3M -- Only reason I dissed you in the first place
is because you denied seeing me
Now I'm pissed off!...
Sit back homey relax, in fact grab a six-pack
kick back while I kick facts
Yeah Dre sick track
Perfect way to get back
Wanna hear something wick wack?
I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back
I'm obsessed now
Oh gee, is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee?
Wow Mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out
Bitch shut the fuck up 'fore I put all them phone calls out
You made to my house when you was wild'n out before Nick
When you was on my dick
And give you something to smile about
How many times you fly to my house? Still trying to count
Better shut your lying mouth if you don't want Nick finding out
You probably think 'cause it's been so long
if I had something on you I woulda did it by now
Oh, On the contrary Mary Poppins
I'm mixing our studio session down and sending it to mastering to make it loud
Enough dirt on you to murder you
This is what the fuck I do!
Mariah, it ever occur to you that I still have pictures?
However you prefer to do and that goes for you Nick too
Faggot you think I'm scurred of you?
You gonna ruin my career you better get one
Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut-bitch-cunt that made me put up with her psycho-ass over six months and only spread her legs to let me hit once
Yeah, what you gonna say?
I'm lucky?
Tell the public that I was so ugly that you fucking had to be drunk to fuck me?
Second base? What the fuck you tell Nick, punk?
In the second week we was dry humping, It's gotta count for something
Listen girly, surely you don't want me to talk about how I nutted early 'cause i ejaculated prematurely and bust all over your belly, and you almost started hurling and said I was gross, go get a towel, you're stomachs curling. Or maybe you do.
But if I'm embarrassing me, I'm embarrassing you and don't you dare say it isn't true.
As long as the song's getting airplay I'm dissing you.
I'm a hair away from getting carried away and getting sued.
I was gonna stop at 16. That was 32. This is 34 bars.
We ain't even third of the way through.
Damn, Slim. Mariah played you. Mariah who?
Oh did I say "whore", Nick? I meant a liar too.
Like I've been going off on you all this time for no reason.
Girl you out ya alcoholic mind. Check ya wine cellar.
Look at the amounts of all the wine.
Like I fucken sit around and think about you all the time.
I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme.
But fuck it now I'm about to draw the line.
And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb.
I can describe areas of your house that you wouldn't find on an episode of Cribs
A blow below the ribs
if I hear another word so don't go opening your jibs 'cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs
I ain't saying this shit again, ho. You know what it is.
It's a warning shot 'fore I blow up ya whole spot
Call my bluff and I'll release every fucking thing I got
Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top
When me and Luis were tryin' to stick two CD's in the same slot
(Slim Shady, drop them dodgers, Slim Shady, drop them dodgers, I love you)
I love you too
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo. Now what you say?
(It's nothing)
Guess what I'll do?
I'll refresh your memory when you said
(I want you)
Now should I keep going or should we call truce?
(You think you're cute, right? Hahaha)
You bet your sweet ass I do
(I'm Mary Poppins, b)
And I'm Superman, mmm
(Mary P. Slim Shady)
Comin' at you
So if you'll still be my (baby girl)
Then I'll still be your (Superhero, Wilma M.)
Yeah, I'm right here
(You like this)
Nope. Not any more, Dear.
It cuts like a (knife) when I tell ya get a (life)
But I'm moving on with mine
Nick, is that your (wife)
Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone
If she don't (sing this script?) then I'ma just keep going
(I see Mary Ann. Mary Ann's saying cut the tape, cut the tape. Knife!)